Do you want to earn money working online?
At Hotmart you have two ways to do this.
Either as a producer, or as an affiliate.
Today we're going to show you the step-by-step process to make your first sale as an affiliate at Hotmart.
Let's go?
Affiliates are those people who work by promoting other people's online courses
and receiving a commission for each sale made.
Most products on Hotmart accept affiliates.
To be a successful affiliate,
You need to follow some basic steps and pay attention to several details.
It also takes a lot of work and the awareness that this activity does not bear fruit overnight.
The first thing to do is register with Hotmart.
So what you need to do is click here on Register
and then our Hotmart registration screen will open.
You have the option to register either with your Facebook account,
Or you can register your name here.
So you put your name, your email
and below you choose.
A password.
Beauty?
Click continue and that's it.
And then, when you enter the platform, you click here on the Market section.
Here you will see all the courses available on the Hotmart platform.
Among the courses that accept affiliations, there are two types.
Open affiliation courses, meaning anyone can join and start selling.
Or courses with moderate affiliation.
In moderated membership, you need to request your membership.
And the producer may or may not accept it.
The second thing to do is define which market niche you will work on.
Choose courses on a subject that you master, that you are knowledgeable about.
Even if just a little.
This is important for you to be able to create content and promotional materials
on topics of interest to potential buyers.
After that, you will research on the Hotmart platform which courses are worth joining.
To do this, you need to analyze five factors.
Temperature,
Blueprint,
Satisfaction,
Commission value for sales,
And the form of commissioning.
I will explain each of these factors now one by one.
So I'm going to go in here and click here on the wine course. Hello, okay?
Satisfaction is the evaluation of the course according to those who have already purchased it.
If you join courses with a high satisfaction rate,
The chances of having customers dissatisfied with the product you sold are lower.
So a product that has high satisfaction,
the chance of him having a refund request is much lower than for products that have low satisfaction.
In other words, they are poorly evaluated.
Temperature is a Hotmart index, okay?
So this means the following, that we will evaluate all the good and bad things that product has,
from a numbers point of view,
so we can place it higher or lower on the market.
In other words, if a product has a lot of sales,
product open to affiliation, many affiliates,
lots of affiliate sales,
low reimbursement,
low chargeback,
consequently it will be hotter.
Now this doesn't mean that the product that is colder is a bad product.
It means that it is a product that suddenly has not yet been perceived, well perceived by people.
Or because it's a product that suddenly the producer hasn't put much effort into selling.
So the temperature indicates how this product is being evaluated by the market at that moment.
But that doesn't mean you don't have good opportunities with a product with a low temperature.
And naturally, the products that are hotter,
can attract more affiliates.
So the hotter,
more affiliates.
It already happened to a client of ours,
who left the membership open in a day and was in a warmer place,
and he had 3 thousand affiliates in one day.
So, imagine that if the product is very hot,
Naturally you will have more competition to sell it.
The blueprint represents the quality of the information registered by the product creator.
So, the more relevant and detailed the information about the product,
the bigger the blueprint will be.
Products with a high blueprint
tend to provide good promotional materials for affiliates.
And a greater proportion between the commission per sale and the final price.
Now talking about promotional materials.
So, it's really worth evaluating the product you're going to promote.
for the quality of the materials that the producer makes available to you.
The main working material you will have is the sales page.
So, be sure to carefully evaluate the quality of the sales page.
that the producer makes available for you to work with.
So, here in the open course window, you go to about
and you go down to the bottom of the page here, which will be the sales page.
Just click on view and then you will arrive at the product's sales page.
